Update docs (#153)
deepqmc/deepqmc: doc/tutorial.rst

Reviewer: The below line states that samplers are initialized from WFs. But that's not true, they are initialized from Hamiltonians.
https://github.com/deepqmc/deepqmc/blob/1ff464f48a3bc8f17ee1d57a75237880d8c4e67f/doc/tutorial.rst?plain=1#L75

Author: Good catch! Yes, this is outdated.

> Furthermore the training run is logged to the ``workdir``. The ``training`` directory contains training checkpoints as well as an hdf5 file ``result.h5`` that holds the local energies throughout the training, an exponential moving average of the training energy and the values of the wave function at every iteration::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore the training run is logged to the ``workdir``. The ``training`` directory contains training checkpoints as well as an HDF5 file ``result.h5`` that holds the local energies throughout the training, an exponential moving average of the training energy and the values of the wave function at every iteration::
```

> A rough estimate of the expectation value of the energy of a trained wave function can be obtained already from the local energies of the training run. A rigorous estimation of the energy expectation value up to the statistical sampling error can be obtained when evaluating the energy expectation value of the trained wavefunction without further optimization. This is achieved by passing a training checkpoint is passed to the :func:`~deepqmc.train` function, but the optimizer is specified to be ``None``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A rough estimate of the expectation value of the energy of a trained wave function can be obtained already from the local energies of the training run. A rigorous estimation of the energy expectation value up to the statistical sampling error can be obtained when evaluating the energy expectation value of the trained wavefunction without further optimization. This is achieved by passing a training checkpoint to the :func:`~deepqmc.train` function, and specifying the optimizer to be ``None``:
```

Pseudopotentials
-------------------

DeepQMC currently supports ``bfd`` [Burkatzki07]_ and ``ccECP`` [Bennett17]_ pseudopotentials, which can be enabled by passing the ``pp_type`` argument to the molecule definition. This replaces a certain number of core electrons with a pseudopotential, reducing the total number of electrons explicitly treated and thus decreasing the computational cost. If the argument ``pp_type`` is passed, the pseudopotentials are used for all the nuclei in the molecule considered, but can be turned off for individual nuclei by specifying ``pp_mask``, a boolean array with ``True`` for each nucleus with pseudopotential turned on. The following example defines a TiO molecule where the titanium core is replaced by a pseudopotential and the oxygen core is left unaffected::

    mol = Molecule(  # TiO
        coords=[[0.0, 0.0, 0.0], [1.668, 0.0, 0.0]],
        charges=[22, 8],
        charge=0,
        spin=2,
        unit='angstrom',
        pp_type='ccECP',
        pp_mask=[True,False],
    )

> The systems containing heavier atoms sometimes tend to produce NaN errors. To avoid these issues, it was found useful to use a smaller initial variance of electrons (via the ``elec_std`` argument) and a larger decorrelation length for sampling::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The systems containing heavier atoms sometimes tend to produce NaN errors. To avoid these issues, it was found useful to use a smaller variance for the initial distribution of electrons around the nuclei (via the ``elec_std`` argument) and a larger decorrelation length for sampling::
```

Author: I think we should make it so that this is no longer needed, but this would be another PR.

    H = MolecularHamiltonian(mol=mol, elec_std=0.1)
    sampler = chain(DecorrSampler(length=100),MetropolisSampler(H))

.. code::

    @hk.without_apply_rng
    @hk.transform
    def ansatz(phys_conf, return_mos=False):
        return _ansatz(H)(phys_conf, return_mos=return_mos)

> Pretraining for a couple of thousands ``pretrain_steps`` is also very beneficial for systems with heavier atoms. The following command starts the 3000-step pretraining followed by 10000 training steps, however more steps are usually necessary to reach a good accuracy::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pretraining for a couple of thousands ``pretrain_steps`` is also very beneficial for systems with heavier atoms. The following command starts the 3000-step pretraining followed by 10000 training steps, however more variational training steps are usually necessary to reach a good accuracy::
```
